ref(profiling): add note for profiles stack trace rules (#11852)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/concepts/data-management/event-grouping/stack-trace-rules.mdx

<Include name="only-error-issues-note.mdx" />

<Note>
A subset of stack trace rules, when defined, will also be applied to incoming profiles in order to improve the frames classification (in-app vs system).

More specifically, only the rules with any of these matchers and actions (below) will be applied to profiles.

Matchers allowed:
  * `stack.abs_path`
  * `stack.module`
  * `stack.function`
  * `stack.package`
 
Actions allowed:
  * `+app`
  * `-app`
</Note>

> If you use stack traces for grouping, the stack trace rules (previously known as _grouping enhancements_) influence the data that's fed into the grouping algorithm. These rules can be configured on a per-project basis in **[Project] > Settings > Issue Grouping > Stack Trace Rules**.
> 
> Each line is a single rule; one or multiple match expressions are followed by one or multiple actions to be executed when all expressions match. All rules are executed from top to bottom on all frames in the stack trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stack trace rules improve issue tracking by ensuring accurate grouping and better classification of stack frames as in-app or system. This helps focus on relevant code, reduces noise, and minimizes false positives. By tailoring rules to your project, you can streamline debugging and maintain consistency across teams or multiple applications.

When you set stack trace rules (previously known as _grouping enhancements_) for grouping in Sentry, they influence the data that's fed into the grouping algorithm. These rules can be configured on a per-project basis by going to your project settings and then clicking on "Issue Grouping". 

Here are a few things to note about stack trace rules:

- Each rule is written on a single line.
- Rules consist of one or more match expressions followed by one or more actions triggered when all expressions match.
- Rules are applied sequentially, from top to bottom, across all frames in the stack trace.

In addition, the stack trace rules using the below matchers and actions can also be applied to incoming profiles to improve frame classification (in-app vs system, for example). 

Allowed Matchers:

 * `stack.abs_path`
  * `stack.module`
  * `stack.function`
  * `stack.package`
  
Allowed Actions:

* `+app`
  * `-app`
```
